Integrate oegenerate to oeutil (#4067)
openenclave/openenclave: samples/host_verify/README.md

The sample also accepts an endorsement file as input. See the end of the file for usage.

> A user can generate a report, an endorsement file or a certificate with `oeutil`. See [here](https://github.com/openenclave/openenclave/blob/master/tests/tools/oeutil/README.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user can generate a report, an endorsement file or a certificate with `oeutil generate-evidence`. See the [oeutil README file](https://github.com/openenclave/openenclave/blob/master/tests/tools/oeutil/README.md) for more details.
```
